---
layout: post
title: The new mast goes in
published: true
---

\[gallery link="file" ids="50,51,52,54,55,56"\]

The weather has been good for my 5 days in Chichester Marina, but watching my poor boat having the mast ripped out , and a new transplanted in has done little for my nerves.

But in the main things went well. The new mast eventually wriggled its way in on Thursday along with the new upgraded rigging plus a few other enhancements like vertical stowage for the spinnaker pole, a mast step to let me reach the sail on the mast and a few more bit and pieces.

Sadly the wind instrument decided not to work anymore, and the energy saving LED tricolour and anchor bulbs had not arrived. But there was always Friday.

Friday came along with the great team from Chris Holman Rigging, who had to say that there were still no LED bulbs, but they fitted a new cable and hey presto, wind direction and speed are proudly displayed once more. I think the electricians had been to one too many seminars on the Japanese 'Just in time' methodology, as whilst the rigger was at the top of the mast, along he comes with the overdue LED bulbs. By 11.00 Friday, all is done any I'm ready to go, apart from the small matter of waiting for the tide that is.

Next back to sunny Gosport. A bit of a lumpy sail with wind over tide and winds gusting to 24 knts. With 1 reef in, a bit over canvassed, but it tested the rig and all was well, and it was great to be sailing again. The 1st time since March.

After a successful short trip, back safely in Gosport, ready to start the adventure next week.
